feat(api): bootstrap domain features with organization domain (#214)
kordis-leitstelle/kordis: docs/architecture.md

# Architecture

This document introduces the general architecture of Kordis with a focus on the

> backend system. In general, we want to follow the Clean Architecture Principle,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API. In general, we want to follow the Clean Architecture Principle,
```
